### Automate Benchmark testing using python script
#### monitor.py
This script is used to automate benchmark runs, with single process client and server.
This script launch server and after some delay the client. And terminates the server 
once the client terminates. 
Also it launches monitoring programs to monitor client and server system usage like 
CPU and Memory using _psutil_ package.
Also it supports logging client and server standard output and error logs to separate 
log files.

System usages of client and server are logged to files with postfix _-monitor-client.log_ 
and _-monitor-server.log_  respectively.
  
**NOTE**: _It handles only single process client and server_

**Usage**:  python3 monitor.py --scenario "some benchmark name" --client "the client command"
--server "the server command" [ --log ] 

Example: python3 monitor.py --scenario dummy_test --client "./client" --server "./server" 
--log

#### plot.py

This script is used to plot the system metrics obtained from the monitor.py script.
This script plots the server and client metrics side by side on the same plot.

**Usage**:  python3 plot.py --scenario "the scenario to plot"

Example: python3 plot.py --scenario dummy_test


#### process_graph.py
This script contains functionality to monitor the branching pattern of given process,
monitors number of processes it forks and monitors all the processes generated by these
processes and generates a process hierarchy in form of Cladogram with length of each line
capturing the time that a process existed. Splitting is used to model the forking behaviour
To monitor a process to obtain the branching pattern, call 

_process_graph.monitor_process_branches_daemon_

method from the process, which will generate the log file containing process 
start and end times as well as parent child relationships. Also this daemon monitors
the system utilization of the child processes.

To generate graph using that log file, call the 

_process_graph.generate_process_branching_image_ 

to generate a image containing the process branching relation in form of Cladogram.
Examples: forks.py and steps.py are some applications with use the monitoring 
functionality to generate logs. After running some example, run the process_graph.py 
to generate the graph with default arguments.

Also there is functionality to plot the CPU utilization of all processes on a graph 
using matplotlib.